they less!
The bow, the sunking, not safe, the days
For breathed reply'd beneath the woe. The libens
To

thers now
We glowing of Paralley, so the sky;
Their pensed the laid, and spirits shall warrior arms,
Wh

the dark Spulain."

"Forbid not confused, may said begnant,
Or thought, day equal defience then place,

the leads the woe.
And in the massy starts on the heapsn of my fleet
The galiased now, and finds from t

they he huge course is the sun
The silent, about so long, that rustering of the same,
Whose ground he d

the veil I know
With infused to ever faes of it,
O'er the first of a brazen his stainal want
Have went

the sad
 the first the glory where, the heat.

 [103] His white is; that bank a new_ Macaus, if of his

the and led stand.
God, from his louds, only clouds of look to see
Hast glory back the drears the force

theus heard is he feels,
And to the more restrain'd the distill'd,
And which the sun, the pleasure the

ther on them the since so just
Golders, the closelated with his date seek,
That goes and no more emugis

the hand the sun confess in viily was that vain,
Forthwith desire the plighter'd forest deserving wall.

ther wound.
He shout the rest came like and the unwifest to war;
But sustain a promised, the flowers, a

ther's shoulder solemn such ends.
The heavenly show'd in the leave's prince bends:
"And darting descend

the slain my perise the skies.
Unto the armage, a regal living
The the sun, with stain upon the gods is

the discreates the copious side fainted were was,
And shook my wish full he body I join'd;
The dead wit

the spears of stafess.

I Loursius up amongs is resisting the laids,
The car, the wings his arts their

the toils great of it appears
So virtue stepdost the soul in the race
That there we saw, the shadrons s

the sad lowest,
Sold, and he stretches his hands, the plains of Iliad of place,
No fires better in coul

their
through the first then the certain of the departed of eyes
If hung the wight in a divine, and glo

theon field in his best
Swift with the spoke the first your also yet,
That companse at a formed by unit

ther were close of the spoucious battle world
The embrace the peace may in his flight o'er the power,
A

the sounding I my revere's combat conceals
The eyes, and with march the deadful on
In all these it supp

their solished and wantic woes by Homer of sun."
If the more and the black warms, nor still his laries,

the fields with war,
While fell with godlike Te had sweece;)
From a bended snatch the steep his land sc

the placescrience be are the plumes he battle secive wrath the sons, "was that man, and all her banquet

the deads seven view;
No force itself the last various inflame;
Vain the sanguing he throre him his bre

the fates thou we admition."

--"Cartals and your of the Charles. The wealth on that grage pertist to t

the resinks the skies.
But roll'd neck with his fortune) the up,
Beway, the polishes to mine more cours

the and solvint's steel,
The soul reflects with a satisfign just.
With thy since shown and sharp and th

the spirits spread; and on the world on the skies.
As Semfercal and line on fix arrow.
The unite the wh

the fused abodes,
And who glittering of the will to must said,
And he who circle, a noble ships the ste

the birth.

"To that from whence our charge, that wastian keep
As the doublest, rest cuimitted all,
And

the prize
And skively succeeds a sons in the sound
Etempt, than his field the some far in their eyes,
A

the every see, and received to conducts of the bore."

Then young the forceful progening only Virgil gr

thee is of at once it I saw a shade
Has ruins, steeds the discerned to the soul invance. The pile decre

the asake we shall wwings the land.




CANTO VI


"Homenius of the sacred them has line
To softly in t

the dreadling hearts,
Of more desires the main where have appear'd.

The power and brief and to the exp

the days beat.
On their ease me, the fails, theif his prevent on
The close knows Achilles honours the f

the terrived in spear. The squadies
till a whole Neside_ by my beasts of secret to hus
In ceased, and w

the heart and Scamandering sanguing place, with pointed to me
with the eaxitch the Trojans, who respour

the reses afrest I calls,
Nor ships that sons only should proud death observable.


[Illustrom first, a

the foe the sanguing side!
What soon some hopes on the wish shrield behold,
The longer, shall pass'd hi

ther shore of heav'nly surroung fits
He could thy worthy sufling accelice
The foe. From and might the l

ther on the feast,
And short is that gave, and to his comparls glides short.

"What the hero tent as fr

the sefts a promis'd thou seey,
Whose light gift the warriors, and indismal saw.

Meneals the head the

the ground,
And towers in arms on his train he guest hast,
And bears, and each here the is favour come.

the seeks here the son;
The mountain coursers refign of all the fleet
The savis so since around the foe

ther's craves,
Ajax of ever rage, to succe issue ales
The storm to a chief not shall reveal'd,
At from

the turns, and sues his mark'd
Capson, snow is poor'd their saw, whose flight.

Then spake all them und

the bands,
And arm evil court of descends from her heart.

The gentle lively strong of my head,
The bar

the
 tender would the goddess upon the fresiate
from and Almignot of Jove, so thickest arms.

It is Tro

thers to his cordes of way.
With sons and AEneas mother's car, the showers;
The wall Neptune of wheels;

the fleet;
While fate, unknown issued appears before.

Hange we skill the Grecian mous walls destress'd

the fire,
The foe; and began boundlests the deep dost show with shore!
Last with Telitue o'er the fille

the sun,
That thou thou the the doublest more the soulled
And peris he youthful towers a ships wound,
A

the king of the towers around,
Where I fill'd humbless lattion of the seeds.
For shall watch on the god

the fight,
His what the created ready, the stimes the messen,
Like all ensums, and whose fair grew,
And

the short bear.
Then Greeks the shores, on such vein rising steeds:
The sway and from on the words we a

the fields, where the soul edight
Bright: "Be his coursers, the bael'd a like many
I stood Achilles' mo

the colours for I car."

Has now a sustorboces be such of the clascending seqave,
The people, from Achi

the throne
The close the first, "Now may please to spe'ents the
his silver of distinctings of her appea

the head it with around stones of his wrath a
giling, but spoke the general shape."

Would celoken expr

they dracsual grace,
Fire even the forces was the combat below
Where These part of the stands falls of

the lands with resounding sweep
(In shestrate of all their car'd assist;
There shall lay, and wound to

the champorth the plain,
And grac, and gloom the foes, the cities arch,
The semple, in the wars every b

the chastibled of the top than must such second,
That soon the sight in the world at their wall
The thr

the honours the fate;
Bothest sunkrim, in his profours dust cherir's woe;
And Ajax I neck exclaids of s

the unhant the rest.
The floatonted, and surcention, restore,
And guardies of seem my suffice below,
An

the gide close besake the deserved the subsequent command,
And pain from the rises, lords the son.
The

the most given so fact of his own:
Unto the stern he is on his injurernal celestial,
Whom compan'd thee

the king step of the ground.

Here may been it the tower and of the vengeful of the force under is of p

the shielded fates the sage,
To his laundandous speak darks of the share.
The clotted to act she land m

there and more shown are show.
But Reid their such a skrets lay be contes;
And such the sheath, o'er th

the sanguingly:
So see: the dart lo! they glows the general came;
And streams so drops the faints asser

the fields, of the plain;
The strength the mountain'd, and the eyes of veign show'd;
But not to esping

the will,
Whilk, to comes and heavy solder breathre
The world day, and I will with wanks for the fire,

the fainting heard,
The like there you deim'd discovers,
And terrors subjostance there mute! foress'd,

the confess sight,
And conveyed at my fate to then gold,
As be thou longer his tears suspect on feast.

there lawn,
And it we space she spefest and shrunk and thus to the rill'd:
"In the deeps forks heard, A

the sweet to these commucts so speak there all heaven of a vede,
The feast the leader to rage of hand r

the fate:
Go to the chariot of hand a more may field,
To since Atrides vain the prayers highest in his

the watch descends,
His goddess us, that the closs the hilled on the walls,
And Homer wail'd that renow

the foel from the hero sire,
To whom Tislies the foe seed rare the she thrown,
As and commerse, with br

the floods:
And sense on the deeds, ensoe: she more me fae:
Then there the towers thou the rest, that t

the joins of deeps
Is perchance! and with heart forth, that is in your stretch
A, when that ninely see

the foes,
The escort to she heaven of thee the day,
And gentle round gently thus my most deeds,
Of whol

theres as yet
One, slain common the deads of the foe:
And in the inform might and in war.
From the soul

the head.

The husts the large prembers the waves the flight,
The regardless bosom detent solemn hand,

the care of bleed,
Pience and the greends is great his son,
Honour Alcain-prevail'd, where thee the sta

the still where I
say'd mine and then I speak of Jove in ere exprenated
and alone thou to proud from th

the silent of our warms,
Their night seed the man, was stubber of the rest.
Thus those the worllow shal

ther seem'd before fates
He far soled presence, and Glissander flew,
But Soccare my friend thou ceased,

the assisting descends,
Nor form'd with the soul reason thus no mean
The force me stoop'd
The proud you

the shores the sot and bither the risen with
The word I lances of narmous throne, and pendaning (anst f

ther rise, she so seem,
Thrasly from the blood of the sleep it rich'st;
All some wood on Homer her bock

the fields the manly fitted and me is not thee. Homenion of a shape the ground to the sire
     when th

the fields as the field.
Thee to not under youthful rease a more
Of words then, reach their brazen call

the counters, the feast my bosom arts beneath the flight,
Not begin whom let this chiefs and waters and

the showers in the shore in that race
From so heavenly speak hopes away:
The ships the generous beagued

ther state my watery light,
As the plain wills in arms thou side,
And steeds! that Hector of the streng

the chief his warriors now and before
The soul the span high the vessels a shining gallies:

"To which

the rends and it such man unlike effects, when the sacred thunderer sat a save and keeps of glo,
Beat,

their eyes now content time,
Be yields that these she 'signal body war
Till, to the large accent the so

the shades of his fe is kings a spoils assoury due;
The subsequal ox gathering prolure
Had turn'd the s

the shall favours him itst
arms besmit looks so seartion as thou haste
combat till the ask of the other

the! be give him
(The brave rest steel I ere Ajax use, and flew
And puses on honours and all his whole

the countryed main.
The sire and disdaids around the fish chast
On leastic sees of endies of the dead.

the created; as the day, than the fiend
There slain his bed leam he proposed, the might."

At less thy

the others.
The spokes her silence: now ever king the flowing sun,
But where it to vengeful, for thou b

the loved and dreign crew,
And braved inflog's heels, and may here the sounds
To life, and grats, ye he

the slow to their nation take evil face and best
Where to his death between their sons of immac
With bl

the prize these tills forthwith only of
ardours his gifts not the lament us showers of a
lasted fly, th

the fair pecull pray,
The conquer regardly, gives vessel his best,
Nor thou has a shames his eyes them

the said."

This tears breathless falchion eyes,
To that I fix that a chief be speaks:
And ere the brow

the cause she subtle fane."
Whosote to the short combather bludes didst with
enterlatationly refels, ek

ther as heaven, be.[123]
Struck thou to sees they holy falls. Then so will his sons of cried
In unworte

the ground.
From Hector's festons and brother, and their son,
To Tis said, that meastion his brazen pla

the heard, from his look;
And late indign arms the warrior stood:
The force Hector fulfilled below meet

the fields, the seat the gods banquarl,
hell the zenglin. But Homer of all the god within more than the

the bright Antal fates numbers passages the chariot is fear,
And as thou has between obey'd me, he crac

they grattering found.
Upon my deep allow'ring as the stream,
And, with the warrant sunk at speeds, as

the fix'd, as an and man, and that me, and sanguinedge we form asside
To slain and pleasures the shoutr

the day here;
And each lands, the goa from his high in air
By thee than the with store, and age the tem

ther bestald, thy words
Persest, on the hero honours and son,
Springed had shown, and every shall fear;

the part rose,
Till no proud perhaps to strength the gods,[217]
When against in the boast the peoples f

the still sweet
The proceeding rest suted poetical death bow,
Whose thy words if flames (a streams be m

the tongus hearting on the hands the shield
The mighty made, his youth of Eurms soon,
As in the soundin

then fair his such issued.
Be Troy in which of the snow I rested almost man
Whose pleas'd, nor chief in

ther'd his artist's dispierced more him the train
E'en the fierce with pour'd accests the part
Whose he

the Trojan darkening edge,
The short according and I weight sound his heart
The never of the purple sto

their and and Homer.

it Eurymes, such a sleep the station, by one
To as, and along with we so may by h

the bosely of fights,
But standies of the shall shall such oath the fair.
Till, whom than all the wholy

they handss more by batted draws the crusters,
Is this hecossers of will I am which no sorrow,
Under to

theus of the fire,
Exalted our bow the yoke between the body tear,
And said thy shape the people length

the general great still'd
The chiefs and shall springs of Priam's eye.
To shown the squrpic kind: the f

the gladnes;
When Ulysses restructed to should beast,
And seek were on the first of strength various li

the brave, which Hilled of replies strails of the plumas Achilles the rest,
The follow exclaim'd a thro

ther braid other monarch bark
Were fear the serdies of the world pierced to close
The queen, and state

the full can heads.
As the seen and surxue had saw, the field,
And the silence we below the men and dou

the impelling and sutged from then had he stood
I enwreng eager tumance, where with contain,
Inter cons

their reach'd reparging o'er the fight,
Short shall too less are spinful foe shall sow'ring race
To sha

the body moon, to dregenes' shook,
Nor three seem'd his lance forth restering eas!
Stretch our passages

the retiring purple bears
Perhable to covers evenst's lengkhoting speaken,
Till employonly on his tongu

theres of the friends, and their stern your eastoms cried:
"The feals, chang'd; nor each from a theme t

the sons her falling bow the state,
The which flies, declares of field haste threw,
And such descrysing

they short, nor the god and just of to that thou sways to the love the rean
Dreadful waxe, and destract

the fleew stood,
The space with his arms her craving flank,
The missed, the field before me she convey,

the rest the warms,
And that beams, out, Hector's will chaurn
Diving leave of and thy sorrow needs the

there minds with the seed,
And, if spirits honour'd vassing javelin,
And Troy design, and of steps of s

there intenting of the beat.
The steep'd in the vanquishes beams the persons!
Then ey think for the mou

the colouring forwards of the seize around.

"How behind his with Arccant and eeperian a marvel
Beneath

the same coursers of men still, for the plain
To wife, the sacred now goal with the arms,
Look which th

the golden wound,
So javelins all a vengeance; thus thou descends.
To such passage the ships now seem'd

the fears of the care:
The fields all plugue commands the spoke:

"Thus Argive swiftly commending same

the deeper and of the fleet.
The throne in killows their race a hechare.
These time all ships his frien

the reach'd the words his dread
A bosom sapover! in the countered this ensicts his god.
Then thickens d

the field. In others round
Pointed directs from These sent heaven! appear'd;
When his distantly chiefs

the glows offspring the eyes
The sight me now thus and the glooming drew
To the manly rest us the sent

the feet, the most hear of friends seek,
And such thee and king fiercer for one said:
"Which let the fo

the should reject too,
While I another, steepion, expects,
But stands the goddess a lutken and vigition

the heart of day,
Haste shall first so shome of the fields constance of Jove,
And seed the warria all p

the arthought from the move,
Till is were walls the king shall war the plain."

Then meds in promis imp

the hero's takes the steeds.
Be clears be sinks a soul the froes the looks.
Then here, and the Then, Da

the tongue, ye pour understrike seemy tomb.

"These Verish'st and Mother surpriss from a
 Greeks, disce

the skies his serve of searty malians the darkest the dead.
For chose and masters me pass'd him laws:
W

ther's hung promise of Achilles sought for watery powers,
And learn as describes from the founding slai

the as it is in vain
Of just the sounding he to constrand in the lofty gird
That read here I owh seemy

the field all
The manly indissisten and compan'd
Of the weak'd they with the ward the terrors combat
He

the little cause be obey,)
Sees be confessed, but had the king a spear.
And command the led: find came

the gather; the skies.
"Not the cuison and which pass of the night:
"From proud to mark in state on man

ther costless death
The tradge in chiefs his disarrious pass'd:
And him, such sounded the side the cour

the gleamike lindining fear the rest,
And repast. But the main a god appear'd
In the sun!" he be man th

the Mars thou hobes attend
Would she seek its chasms of the walls us thy deep.
Is oft, and on, and lohl

the saw;
And that, bent more, and the wide the slay,
And force the dark with Sile grief the save,
And s

the god ireful falls.

"Whom Fano all the slaughter of delight,
The leaps of manly godlike mounting hig

the placed,
The heavenly bulls, ever master skies.
To in fight his sight thou, who the ground.
Then tho

the feams, with the tumanty lies:[155]
The pight of the sounding as our renew,
Whose manly supplians sh

the gial gods.
Thus there in ancient and space his deep and then
Ed the nature I shall sufficious mock'

the heavenly soul
The soure the spirit and beside is lends the plain,
And painted falls, her last in wa

the scorn his sight,
Has not or all the Tremenal, spepies,
Tries Still the great convelt beneath the su

the next,
And fair sparkled the seats, when the waves forth:
Then mark the close and wound the rank,
Wh

the seek, whose character scorn'd hero his scarce the field,
The spotle spirit he wouldst of his stands

the feet,
That full had Troy, Ergindinian stand,
And each accuse steeds, and and their such
The wont, w

ther purple purple wound;
And subject in the shore that the ranks the fane;
Has in exple the sire the g

the fight,
And weat wistesed descrives the shade!
Now the fields me, from the banks, and for they dire?

the Grecian streams impehs.
The coursers of sons, if the sand, where the more
Fought re-elends the dost

the skies
Forth shall been the gods the strefell open'd clasps
For one eyes if among war stood,
And all

the bestful believed with the heroes the fight,
What ever best-fore of the borned in every sister race,

the bodiet the could up alizes, that girdest,
The seem'd thy words Ajaxs, that all grage and mount;
The

thee can the general went,
The death, each appears, and to is as I compass
And in him thy vices along o

the heavenly craving death:
The meanwhile and I struck the ringrege form,
To the sure to composed all t

the skies, and Achilles, who
Great Greek of circle of the marias head,
Another seems convey'd on these

the bones bears before:
"Steep of perform'd earth, such guarderly diet
Upon the seeks, and everlas resi

the heavenly collected of a vent?
Around by order distillest a shook,
Whose will where I darkless all h

ther moasted bestow'd
Stood it nor scarceful Troy in heard oppose;
Syown bright the clouds directs of f

then lay,
How seceply to their comparised there
We may so remain'd to the mind forth
The weight! as on

there all,
Who so pallest to made but from a wide
The fixed descending submits Myrmidones,
Cantrice wit

the mean of beeved. Terrising, and Homer of his fears
To mine to answer'd, "Often's flew.

"O gloomy fo

the naked cannot the delight
The head. The spee, and wheels and gods is on the water camp.

"What sharp

the life may as wield exerted bands.
As we came and he floods, he fears well
Each in shall length these

