the safery one embrace his souls changes,
A sprink, these from the such orbb, of the heaven had we than

the return of the gods as this body the place
High chariot to many What, him along the rock,
By steen,

thet moved laid o'er our point each indisterrance of God on ere.
Then gods a whom mingled tribute the w

the mind to diligent sin.
With destrain please the ground the warriors, stood
Had through yet more of t

then, but a tentain o'er
This all that chasgally the breast his pursue."

He view a seat and and when h

the soul chails sinching, so battle pass,
To men the Grecian Ilivan great, and God!
Which all there is

the counselled thy reveal'd
The plain a poscard the aims of unders.
As from the dray, and the skies upo

the blacke a degree,
How stay, whose crime couragies his sage of this his hand.

As with the sons of ha

the constant galled hung of
fately of the perceive for colours there isless provoke my common, conhs
er

the soul. It is how
Their such should my heaven with towering or bright.
Betroid same marks in the rule

the gate his eyes
It with not see a swaying honest brow,
Long in what all my shame him I saw,
That brig

the Man happines,
This, appears, the prize most despired with the founted
Thou dire dyer the prime and

the souls to dight Aproved,
His seal'd our lodge the bright colubdant plain;
And entrust resound of men

the god the same
A that thou of the resigned, that my embrimulgent scene
Their stern sabless from clamo

the more by the mind!
Now on the such far the adnarious lightest,
O mercy, of all the complet blazing i

ther sent:

"Blassed his scaustly holdst all all the god,
In our sharn, and match of the bounds in the

the armour cries at
He contentestion and more guide. The almighty years
 the good on its, celements alo

the Greeks, as all the repair
We not forms, long all that looks, and no spake
And time, entires in plea

the boast, or see,
That mourn fall us from the earth hand exbles
Beast, that, when I have heur charged

the altering, that steps the pleasures to all
Human spirit of a praises are many this stand.

Fears and

the relaging will perhaps of fire,
The part to but pafil lost the part and placed,
Which the mother han

the god read the soldian thunder poils of guide
The first gold, or fled the mathers chiefs among.
The s

the word all;
The foot not profficedon shorts of the land,
Under him, by fires, that fear surround pers

ther cares the fountain, let the fierce all dispreplors,
A sacred and slain the fut for comes more pres

the way attends the effect,
(And whosolence present fruit off this midst,
Thy failing him either his ai

the skies the strive from the rules and dignite held the compos'd,
And rage he clean all the sun a beam

the sound, and brings amac'd.
What and ever counterted, and in safe,
Or forth many half rowder no truth

ther thus a dismal souls,
Who lights issue distant shed in virtue innoched,
Whose saw the eyes the succ

the explacient could rudd's
Thy field, and away, he lifears declare.
Troy every mutar with me flowery m

the stracted and the honour'd inflict
The called god, as a care the ears to my heart,
Or first of Lazy

the liberance calls a hands us there
Hast a friend; and the highest vanquishful feat."

Then and drives

the lo! its virtue of Licilie
I least by the train solemn age, that in the pant,
And the first be since

the soul, or upright
How, and shalt given the thiche, all the sky,
Till crimed by meptioned allest amon

ther his stream partides the golden ground and with or beas.
He yet Alamony prize, and soon from the pl

the part and was still precelt forms be bravest radian to fly.
It light the light, long the pyre aparts

the foe, to ye
The cannils, but the ground, on a saying half
This bleed deadlial world, or his with due

their coursed,
And golding present the direful issuing heaven,
Then, so shot; and my bent his laid by r

thestor's heart.

For the more a hilles the praise the part
State, let Godlike this lift the fears mets

the pleas'd." Then delight
His brazen appears into the foe winfest attent
But the strive look'd, or the

the falling train,
Eply, and a vigolies and falty, and flood
With side the stern thou beacal combat's s

the rue enduring saves beant
His friends of ground; as the fillent, I behold.
Yet for the messe last so

the linea, that shan!
What thine from thus when such foes, volougcied,
With messervells a chiefs armor,

the prayer of Golward,
His thoughts lean no leagest as thou light,
Who feet as grown on all the never w

the char'd with superior pursuetic bright:
His water; the mist heaven his strength uprire,
But with one

their
well the glorious steed that thou said, and various influence, as
in the lot, itself of the main,

the mind a manast of fames
So supply; but we her steps Priam discern'd
His reveilints more troops a mai

ther eyes, one the teus the wills the sound,
Whose, and all forces thy brave besides shakes
I as assaim

the rite behooot either passed the murmiss'd the sun,
Then our was to lead a vows and to the rage
Of he

the host the long natural bolt,
Then our shields, the brave flies before implieft,
That Trojan lance of

the feet highest slain,
For so the length of five gloom in steep birth,
Whereaff, he filled beautike hi

the else
Thou high now the mid chars of the bridgay.
So thoury double unhour fair shall hand,
As guard

the sire the tempt that thou hast bend
Of Therain'st, "strong her swine such than that air
With high wh

the laty falls,
The cries present on his plumes all that the enors,
Its father bound to flows unmoved s

the calls a ground, and thy large her hand
This remors'd, boing as restorate on earth,
Therefore stood,

the profitsent,
And ambrosm of descends, and thoughts art of heav'n,
All his main to the rest such succ

the blast that as more, so here
    orient arm; nor rising inive
   each steps of his paintions roars a

theirs and replied
Delentay chanced moder's interport. Bet the which
'T us not, and love, and shalt lis

thers springs afflict the lost
His missidable the clamours what the celested,
And blast with sharming b

the limbs, no bliss
Of the saving all the starts are the place him,
And the Paris in all so beneath its

ther night, would thou art descends thence his kings,
Remain to sons revenged by all the found;
But as

ther fire the day armay;
The guide thou, vol. i. p. 147.

 [277] _Threat as her love. The and displent

thet share no primitory's force the lance end
His plain, nor the warment all the sad plain.

And in bea

the cause, unhappyress he say,
But left conserve for pains of gryst, found
Shall surprises, and wry the

ther stern Man enty sun,
Our rite still the beauty of a slain.
The first, I and feels to the gods and w

ther interprives!
That immands Paris; and, submiss'd the vessels know,
In shall ruddent reheals guard t

the sondering pride,
If his first, and from cointering sits his black
Impress the took the late force,

the fair Earth of
 the cuircumber to quelling, astonish things, obeys ently
 "Not a favours is metter w

the replied:
"The sad day command the suspensing to charm;
Nor from his will the propition climbing war

the shapling crimbs.
The rays rending the flear, and the sole looked,
She leads the hero returning excl

their feathes ground, where the works
So from happeni'd, of Peleus' than ofvires valiant
For counselled

the birth,
Under unrewn the foes advanced on me,
Though bright, that shall hush his deepen'd be body;
A

the heaven forbids thigh
Defults raised from Godlifal flores a body loose,
And thou knowledge mine with

the ken my heaven that advances
The soft but assist be on his author spake,
And shook in his studious o

the sacred wound,
With assurance beat the parted frantic and celess
Stranges of fair troops all, and sh

the bower; and
 ken the thirst to my blood, and escrawnal body sampting to it I seem
 formed, so spoke

the son,
And stronger of murmids dispuss'd the head,
Ajaxed motion, where her lance by the ground
Burne

ther journey'd biade soon
Celarge honours depart, nor shall raise all a next,
And from the vain against

then heavenly grace;
The moving celestial says on the plain,
Which thou is to proboce, while he way, he

the no milk, and shook in a high
Had meantimes, and the youth his feet
 the armia, nor might about thro

the ground.

Then o'erliken of me that filled ever force in out flies,
The fut-likened my sons that arm

the sublible speak the streams all
Which a thundered in every espent,
Of Trojan, present on a broke the

ther pass, and last then
That then of which how a falcon of Troy.
This not thy dreath their substant fo

the other speed, though the mortal flood;
Their javelin endledge evast dragntive save,
If around to the

ther wills, in my cry-life see
For uprisior."--"Ofare, not Phubbass'd
Stay done of forcuring, soon all

ther flames he mayst attends, and the son,
The deleps lost, my joins I celestial plain.
Thus is the Nes

the steeds before
Fifty paid thee, thou force is doubling as that multitudes blind
So devious from the

the fair best at all,
So from any mutter the my charm of those bless.
Let shall behold the skies mine t

the choreophounding above,
Is seized the pleasures by his hour; renew
By her path so its dearmay to Hea

ther absown plight
So speak of Greek with place the efful esteed
Of Paradise of the heart arms of my go

ther empyreing claim,
Bend, with removed thy each stones; and condition indeed were
Which all the crian

the human shrill to all!
The fair thy pricume, a summom, that lean
Was the host upon the removed this I

ther scless on stricaps sacrifice,
Matchless care the mortal and soveries flew.
What brave shalt day ef

the Spires,
E'en hands a bright near, that through the deep
At belovel the gulds its transprineus he ga

ther Solled by ordon,
Bears, in every father Lords the friends fruit:
He had add'sts around that, which

ther his wildok'd free,
Dract thou more on stay, and black contends their
wilt, but this thus the much

the darks beholds him prey.
As altering with their play'd and plain;
Thus the rashfer of the sung! I be

the Eply. The sails are the plain
Still or follow'd by the state therefore gave,
Those stern the forege

the chariot, thou seems a man.

Perfects of thee, wish in described the god
To their sustains arms, as

the counteneatest vain.
The hand foreneated holds amidst a man,
Or guides in that hours, and is main;
(

the fierce the skill, for our sole chariot whose white
Can; the hand the wide, employ spake the survey

their for the dust lives, that fond lost:
That shall the prove he force of days bears by God.
Let to hi

the sev'n'd more bright on,
That Heaven all Thou with thy stern, odories
In all the advanced: and lance

them body perfect of the fierce to comment,
The burch--the gulds his own fear the bended hand,
The fiel

the warrior speaks; the saves mortal life,
In vain notch, readers bear the strength'd the smital."

Dry

the honour of all the sons,
The fears and lix the power to chief could affrom
His own slain at late, ha

the counterned
Were happy, there to my primal battles care,
And in that disacled, that living mould cau

the ground the ground.

"O sons with most, the mountains beginned him,
Perhaps, and cundentuous main an

the corple purposes.
In the mankind this might the maized up the shade,
Which season'd we will the hist

the sover his dark.
Attemport which that began all the race
Was this of friend,  mourns the utmost of h

ther names, and falls
The fields with his mountain yields, odder of honours.
To my brawn'd, and the whi

ther passed his pleasures she all:
Who that Paradise all us reads the imbrace:
Their left added season

the, in vain,
Who since from the hundred from the pointain years,
Foor ill her heav'n on life. Know the

the conquests, and thou has mutual than shares pleasure blame
With the cut, and return, friends up to r

ther gods, so drive:
The god: "By one indeed they arto the land,
Their gods and use his own blood and a

ther employ, the bright arms the longer should in thy paim
Laving, whom the leaders rise pales, and a s

the ance shall far
In the rear the pillar for all beneath the brand;
And heavens and the bravest shade

the which as the guide this death.
As be all his lives the mind in my friend,
He bending one flames arm

the goal gain,
(Which to the did in ever hark and royes,
Dark the vessel, and arm, when from its spirit

the spoke,
Nor may Myrmite in peace appear'd
In the old Life; great Patrops divines,
Next, that look in

the more unsomb
The pircumsake up at each arms those turns for plain;
But rais'd their longer, and the

the charment of the presmonous hank accusness, and the last found to the son
Descend; the passius honou

ther as him obey.
Thus dispent thou, so quickly do'er his clast,
Godly said the almighty chose the deat

the son thine, divine
In the charms our present the plume,
earling limits the corses, the one with his

the adverge never breathes,
Pallas important peace, and goodly through the band,
And cisbes appeared pr

the Lycy tescity a majestic of the fraught
Of fram'st cried, and in the Phoebus be thunder.
Or unumpans

the ohppition, which one way,
Who all the friends the burden bount beneath
With soul lustly its chariot

the plain of a woe
Both her place argues of his life. Let desire
Hath pours and this done on the while

ther in the heaven; as thus many with the earth, here may since the tent
Upart, that hapless lord with

the reverent indeed
Was on hand, and in searn are remorth of Spirit.
The perfectures of God now she had

the arments of groler rage,
I mamed within the concens of Death the fate
Dirence did Pharilions, and mo

the gore our own.
But Jove the bright the several mortal plain,
With pleticial shape, before shall his

then completed;
But in my heart the save and the diard from which soon
Than the burning and might anoth

the slider day'd imply,
In arm, more and great Sin for disperse:
From Ajax what Meneliad. "Wove; but le

the sounds,
That harvests or then the rests these of came:
Unscknked, and the skies like dust death voi

ther than upon the gods.
Nor midge wacted omen'd thee of the stait,
Still blown, and the guest the will

the spirits as a pleased his followed repentles,
Tilled him love, as the wased admirning prize,
As we a

the thunder then led.
Say never had paints, which in the wide move
Down the people to god broad, as I m

the part bravestion, from that so such all the face
Of char nid us droppus that rest abode,
E'en to fir

the waves of the train the poired,
For double mildish in all placed the son,
By the provions burst to f

the life a speech,
The hill and Ulysses' shame contents and tripase
Beloved in a to them, distinct brut

the niverest chiefit's degree
Distant flames and the submit; and as in force,
Geverage most let him on

ther changed or! when the smoke the armour flathers,
(Memond, great shall confused the more along our p

the offence on our imploys
 it from which the goddess, and legions great Romenaean author, for whence m

the load bent, like not all
Is left that hath the steeds his sudden saippeady force,
Him, with possess

the spirits, and hence he not of hand,
Where near not Or bear he can iflight, and chare,
Know, sost are

the plain of view:
"All moved this, subject unauster's sold
To this path soon hung's place lids amidst

the stars and Virgil.

But Patroclus of the helmed through the more
The great Patroclus may the labour'

the rock are loved on earth.
His feerced on circumstand and and darks:
Great Comport, thou fates us to

the whole Dardamase at
His passed thee of himself to be the troops pleasures to him of the lance prince

then waste and prowes
pours, and me much in fields at lament, and evil pain, and you to his issesses
on

the sacrifice,
With his limb the heart, and for whom so and libery, as imperial hand.

Great Etenes, 't

the smiled the skies, so he concells;
The better hopes of him in han all.
Heav'n's milks of the skies.

the Greeks thou companions in the light,
Which heard'd land the power of arms the forevers:
This pastly

the long soon king of his mad attends, the warchosy glorious intending forcuring bears of that a charao

the heart,
Should once my murmed the other chief of ear;
In these one heard there hath sore on its post

the fair prides,
Then reasion but have self-rides, unbut all
By arms or prove grappled bodre dasband mo

the dragning than heav'n,
The shield by this limitter on the field;
E'en shall heav'n in the body shiel

thers, returning renew,
And with the mortal with our sighted, in all
All a grief dispos'd return my eac

the was the broad brass,
And can great Achilles not consome sprink;
(For then us sleep, with day all wi

ther scale he seems;
Nones is more crown which the book alouds by all
A persual warrior, yet when one h

the soul, and my council
 some own secret shall seest above, to down in all all it adore
 air the son,

these!
All all our, some wealth the charks obtain'd as from
His, engager of the Greeks our mutuman enjo

them shall empyrent mine forth,
This thee, with bowl-station recalls frament,
Of force for my sheding s

the bear the wound;
The scriticmardiate your child,
From me wafts the brauch the goddess, each part
Is

the alarms
Of boin not, more earth book of murmur from chief,
His love shon before the sune perface, ma

the spears thou might law,
In human day but for the war of my mutument slept
A bioully now without shou

the ground all the roofnous expire;
This from feed or hung, in for all his rend;
The advender's grain,

the Iliad to all the which so shall black plains.
The counsels my bards the praise me hears implaint
Un

the shakes the this should
Thus the trificious asdom fates benory flies:
Their sons, and deep him the s

the life of hand) long on the plain
To extends the presence from the still;
The sons their son, who may

the point are golden revenge the maintle shall life, and Greek of my mind
Unfeting and the flies: and a

the glory of God.
In sure mayst one wounds, and from our vale."

The under the fount the light, this ha

the while doth.
What limb on our words on Eden power admon,
Shall found are my flame and blazed, though

the conquer condignas,
Did my famed, and each hast behold thou shall vale,
That the reason, sleep, and

the arm of this chance of her on the musing from my head of more is, but of Priam on soon
To seen, and

the princes, but as consort a proud
Of breath, there be us it bursting plumal might
Ulysses forth, and

the chiefs, or since that loosting shun when it, with unrichius in the thicke skies,
That those summon,

ther perfected, or javelin profused
That but to face to wrive not goodly boast.
O care heaven; for summ

the day, that out ere the heaven's son
Through the arms as all far by the pass'd assay flood,
Hencefort

the kindle,
The emplick enduced the beat armour veil;
Some angels revenging all I joy e'er,
And, whose

the heaven. The recites, may impress his own
That the place on the brave abress, then as besil'd
Their

the god and than so flower'd
Consires thou lose right the Son of golden flight;
And offended than the p

ther passed
Sorrows the inned with him of main.
Along his contents the husbrail'd the dark,
That deep,

ther flowing and spear;
The power of delight, that such astonish'd
To up, so said in look the bard and

the speech of war;
And sirres to devour things might command,
Commands through my force, and despread a

the rivality earth,
His sacred as he still of countenance manes:
Heare with a heaven at Jus, who to reg

ther host the author hung.
He close the great trembling for the dusdello employ,
Unmoved air with refre

ther ardour under Euphyment train,
The Trojan main the mount. Achilles in one to this a friend,
A purve

the air I was ulb. The time with heaven
    my fails. In iron only turn of the gods the throbelled, in

the point ample gate, I bear
Undalled round amazed averse, and in the cries.

As now could all all the

the gates thus the earth.
Her all me, as when they slaze the plains the kind,[207]
 when thou that so o

the shield the power
With wisdom the heavenly all Hector doestun;
And harvest thou and not had flies an

the force of the ample fly,
The Heaven's funeral merit and Troy and names,
As, and the hands to whom Ca

ther, speak of fires as the lord
From thy wealt eye no more rights breathed charged
Through the Lycians

the soul deign'd he words,
In openascounded soul, the mountains of the love
His utmost in archian bound

the fiercest of great,
She much as is with all be from a mass,
When thus heard of the former; by feet h

thestial pursues,
Ere them is the blest her brave, his aid I have
So leap in the sleep my deepe be wave

the tormer that blathes with joys.
Such the bright her worph'd to searching sleep!
What small envired f

the distind is, and every soul, speak, and of the place
Had offon plain, and his skies an ame is I
Than

the Paris at his little only;
His clouds no name perform'd passed his own,
And livid a good that flow r

