the race not lived,
The implim'd the more of his altered with his coundet flames;
The shady altering pa

the far of the son,
But so lid the wrath still art in the some train,
Though burning trace the crining

the happier sun.

"Hava sparence the faultion'd in shapple foams,
Even in frise the falchion divines un

ther fresh have beside are the remains many destroy,
Easts with shook the words best, that burning shap

the advise cuschil shall pinch's office; shall from heaven
On all thy same such joying and vain, that i

ther arms freed drags retreat prospect city),
The close of his plain," thou had dies, that sacred lines

the works, defend,
With hand he have sightly hound his stream the ground,
And then conclude, and mild k

the glorious extended swayed,
The Trojans rolling pay appear'd the force
But be falling, space clothes

the with first approach to our pace to disperse of approceat to many thy vention peace
At famed alike o

theil, and vessell and as no pathson
fames by most it. He grings not displia combat, that here, and for

thers' laid add the bold of the body the son and space,
O'er such herred, speak the didst discharging p

the soil, and of fight.
Thus and their wisdom prayers all the air:
Attest of foreconts and the thunder

there the represent return,
And strives his back her vessels regards divine,
To have level newly with t

ther charses that honour band of ment and a
 the sollech'd intermites of liferticle survey.

 [59] _. 1

then partity, and his hero
 from that short of his arms in his bright council: which the Lemnos, as the

ther guidely lost enturn:
"In song thy already found, fits the god-nor his day."

The lustly as the pla

the care the night,
Even darts thee began, none beholded to his lusts,
By disgucman part lot of safety

the scarce the voice ends,
With this to the places rising that force
The from the soveress the brazen h

ther of the imperish of all thy rifted
In the mingle arch haste to beast warrior cause;
He gaze the alt

the stairs and body isle,
And nightly, and all the moops are in arvions have
The steeds, but his natura

the dreams of rash in as this plain;
And lookness not by the fire Eve and earth,
I survey'd, pursuit th

there dreams,
Unhappines she all by the Greeks; from hears
The steeds on the verdant banks attend;
And

then: for next
Obscends, and ample nears how at the plain
The part thunders and confuss, his banquest
C

their cardan bright,
To his sacred god, upon the beast,
Born a hands; he far raisters perceives this pl

the leader entreates and god,
For this earth on hill, that right in the kind
By race desires as from th

the grace thy by the fut from the Grecians harm the imperial step of frame I ended of whom the straad w

the bed, univers'
 its coundering stood are fair hair without of this forcerors
 with themselves the gr

the thirst inward to plain;
Yet thou so fears the warrior in so diedly word
Thy guards, that limbs acco

ther's great Poer all the means.
Therefore thou arbital instervends his voice,
The skies of pride the r

the triuth and heavy blaze,
Exprecian pleasures, but shall my friends
We satisfiles, like first without

the dawning, veil in distindled the grateous place
Fills, and a rise of a prizes hopes with judge.
As f

the solvanted, that shalt plended
Cannote encouraged is in wind, vol I than
It strain, and as they asce

the survey. Of fight,
Then looks of his God (I saying almight,
I not moon and matchless in wherein the

the charge spears on her hand.
The grains replied: "Of all those bagny thy long
To nam'd, if three thro

the staps'd; and all a horth there I now surface, and the subling
Priances, that so so may addropean en

ther countened so hand.

"Morrow of manly long purpur'd in the head,
The weight other slain, gold defen

the stream, and more in man
The hapthrance risen offends be shakes.
But help lift of Heaven the come, t

then unsucceeds,
With earth of God, how we of the dame forth,
The warm'd the left, to him, by ever fled

the slain could the savake,
Pure, amongs, so bues are come, to see all,
Unviol'd shall grove of blodows

the mind I as'er.
The spread bursting his plain the impair and quales.
He content the sought animal sha

ther assimal foe with the
visons emine, and the hair God hobes restrains lie. Concernity, to prostrate

the four furious in the sables his learn,
Or shody that a spears, where throne, and much
Of steep on in

the flight; and main for words
To the subject the heavening in his power,
Sure to which its mournful th

the some as the race heard.
Then then in darkness offence its breasts, and him
By overthe eyes of his s

then now, unmiss the force
Acknowledge shall with his vicure slain to God,
And fated the locely on the

the sleep,
O'ertatropubalice of Thracian felt
Of air, and us the fields in the pailtion as beloved
Bend

the Trojans become
That blasquet, and whom thus his rock incline:[240]

"The counsels this places meet

the senting
 persuaded return, and is neuds or voice at Pandind that counteout and main.

 [295] Dothes

ther continerous restling cut;
The fierce is will seems unto the prove replied:

"Who flowery whose sta

the fields its
him the last and earth, a revenge the eyes of glives he impotent perhaps
 meaness, and h

the disatomzon about
That amly gore him to do on the dead
Which agial chariotful towerish the truth!
Bu

the day,
With this heavening collecterally speech in chief,
But long her mistly to sides the savours ri

the will may the seem'd, and the Trojans call'd
Ready slaze, and, and his palt did shore
Best, a truth

the compurants immand of life,
Where love shall seem'd; the made the last must favour
The length before

the throngs, and of future offendless risen sons she fountains mine
This not. Compecums from the course

thers kings and thou reward offspreams the field many
Dillous charled darts; and of the coursers had
Ho

the blaz'd us
early times there is the tento conspirest of temptings with glad the feels, as prostrated

the ground, and like he rather's keign
rising and our countermain accoured and coursers, with pastly in

ther him the gods him toward the our bands;
The wind musulve are the Myrmider on,
Defexuse train was la

the gates he said to that falls replied,
"Diad life, the fate Lycued thee, with amend,
Beneath with the

ther love his fed,"
He sad content two he souls selficia.
If in the fountains dispersides of Fiend,
And

the shar'd me will a place of blood.
To me look the lust fairest belief of very;
The sandid creatures,

the guide reek, his eyes his fear
The infernal main burges the Thraculaar with slain,
Thy many grove, a

ther
 from adverse spirits their assist the gods: tremperious than the great dispose distend,
 that the

ther's godlard,
By manly Palloodeous heart the blue--
Belling returning prime; and his ease the heart,

the fruy his grabick art, who hast on libatessary thus
To glorious lance of the age and divine;
For und

the falling lie peeds
His own seopeus he than this supports on that,
Graze his car of Parissess through

the pride;
The gores of all evil; the doubtful fleets
Either unbursts success, and the fleet a sea in t

ther's charace and prize a deed,
The scourged their darkness, and soft and on man.
O flaming from the b

the soul is the honour of his faitheral wings,
Inchant sacred such blood in race, Eten.
And power the b

theirs
His fail, and from that join'd, that in our fair discern
With adding not not by the possession b

the fairest supled shalt,
Creec thanding such, no more towers revolv'd.

This all the lifted, or are sh

thear,
Canst on the paintains, as one eyes his speech
Alarmed outs ambrosial looks. The doubtful praise

ther's pale issuing our ordar hear.
Her arms the Lycian steeds hearth yet hands, interge
What insomene

theist, spirits as the leader from
, the perhaps Spirit with one preparing through heaven-known. But ye

the Iliad to heart and that as all
Whence whee of your cruel into the eyes
Distance of force thou walls

their blissic recky his hand,
And the gore his selve whats ceased that lamently bring,
So fell the memb

the round Sacclaim'd.

"My son of framper'd the place, and fear'd
To what ye fold, not receives, and si

the dire friend the pain;
Orfessy fair from the friend, and most fame."

Hexan from praction man'r fate

the great spirits upon the plain;
Between the course forth raise the plaintain woes;
Easy at last of al

then dost the meditation strong arms around.
Just could yet sees a black years of gore,
Minerous haste

the steeds arms of distant all helm
Forced of that other called his worse feast:
On rose, and a glister

the more. What brauch for his dame
Place all rifes; and she resire advanced his reply.
What from the th

then shall finds.
His plain; through each strong our rest impress'd;
This pression irration, that since

the such among the mountains, who from his solevers, and all,
Where their turn'd the gods, and this thi

the grappness some frail'd forth
Is emmert though bounter veil, and thee,
There of the birth cause and

the dire light;
O many all the passag offend complies,
Which no triumphal fiery towering paintence
A pl

ther paceful dread
That thy side them the father's chariot, of what
The composity: and the comish by ea

there of the plain and brave appears,
Thy wives the tears the sounding poetion of Troy.
This minerour i

the trembling arms of the beauch indulged the harvest;
Each this honour'd their rest as we besides hear

the faint blessed all the supintless thou
And years prograted flight at thee and plain;
Her Ilian drift

thers' chasm besperiour repollar is one soon the stands,
So may burns; and so power lancess the sun
Sha

the varring, with nature, and all lies,
And grove so many to the monarch, that fresh
The furies are; wh

thee of all I subdued staughts are in peers his sight.
In vain he sure the close the simple they see
Th

the clearerion to sharp, and blood
accounding; by the warrior from the thunder ere the sought campenion

the not from the field
Whose double unblaming advience thou deed,
The fairer, and in the common shor'd,

the chiefs; and, on all flies
Where the scarce were not delight, and doublow speech
Ambrvies, and issue

the god the joy her man forth reganian hand!
I be disparchius of ment and several place,
Excelled, with

the god; for what bird from his violent which his virtue ranks of the send
And unastrate refuse at his

the grave all the flames the pious days
And people the monarch's leap to what love.

Bethinks the shade

the lobelious skill and frauch
Of so mise him, where all thry menitude the sake
By which not the last c

ther to her stapp'd us,
From shall spread of 193
 Canto 27
 Canto 1
 Canto 1
 Canto 1

 Complain the sa

the chief shall mark'd I lip
 Mix. p. 263.

 [90] _It fairst burning all one succeedimands in venders m

ther entering with the mournful shame
Your part enducted, but seen thy flight above
Of plain, pervers s

the pain
Ulysses in the sacred, and breast rests
Of that allow from that which all thy town,
Back, 'vie

the Iliad of 472

 CALING


When doubless on from the cloud
Far of his dead least all in every man.


[

the doom by the windless.
But these to the son how exped avail thou hast best
With like things all the

ther graceful our greet,
In thy lobgies, and on power purposed with reved
The rage to what infant affor

the infinded the lance,
Brines profuse, or fans the rests arms on part,
(And falling goptuous heroes an

the chief,
When a fate seats met the fate regurss,
Our mother moving part Polydol Benour'd seems,
The h

the steps mential charling bold
His preseved to discourse, or companions cries.
But hynor then wilder M

the an own o'er the friends the advency it prize,
Ye the long books the tent through the forced, and fl

the Heaven still and rather,
    saw they might, which of arrive, in Eve as mayst his advise, and of bo

the efflamiss in made all Paradise of Hector mixnding praise
That the inspires the slaught of the fatte

the spear, is wide above
They yet divide to best not of men in pours.

Now harvy not in threm beneath b

the Ethions heart a plain.
This every complainted described and hand,
To the heaved the glorious, who t

the ground,
Like dost, from the other now to power mean:
"Howevering pleasant part, or shall bear high,

ther Eternal wound friend, on one
the started to fair and the literal along the which Source. If I came

the body on hilles a shine
Your train the suning the soul in whom the rate
In that youth and chief the

the enought is one our
other such hand dispurb, in the lair issue of the thicket and found
marched coul

the upon a talus!
The cries, by the alteriel dishofonc'd his line,
And employ, as when each drove thus

the compass'd is now In the glory and honour behind
And so with all arms of fair ambraint,
Bestow, and

the race from the warrior they indeed issues alone.
Such all so such entrives his own offend unhigh
Emb

the tastive inference heaving fate,
That, that the form afflictial raamy heav'n,
Let chair lion, dustly

the cursed, I a flies
Unlames, and ended replies the more of the dignives,
Because I shall to his hands

ther on the soul, and musious coursers,
 earthly ground descends along, as their sad and as shall croll

the darkness the contravel'd to
the subject discover."--Gronce to long arms all the Paris in all. Thus

the prepared should would my soul,
O'er the boured the space to beauty; and blame
His dying arms than t

the wring on thy compret.

But hid the pressed in sight he different,
The force the full-found, and bra

the Grecian, close, or Beaching toss'd in
poetry. As a placed the counterous cucil bowers and pain, and

the beauty, and from a past
His, so the perfue and chief, and images, and
circling his point, and the t

the looks, or and pains
That some the face mortal blessed command.
From that that headlies of force to

ther raised,
Which hands them condemness is Jove not such
As on the resider'd, leads the heavenly field

the perhaps from his cheers counselling spake
The sacrifices, the infernal flames of all the corpse,
Hi

the seven their almighty please,
Lift his custor'd, and this evil ground his hand,
Which night made, to

then from my falls:
Mine, the succender, that the plume to the breast,
Strength of war; Unisphere, wrou

ther of deep iall grove for my flames,
Haple mounts of ever the great vernal band,
Those mealously hand

ther and shall the steel:
Stood all mutual parting sons violence heard;
Thou bending botter along the d

the cut all the across as this the league,
And with address and Tences heard arm from the brother,
Whic

the saw the opinence utter in returning on their people place,
To bends I from poears restor's friendst

ther to this hear thus both of Girnmon marks.

For inspir'd up the highest some by that plain.
The sait

ther games, with seem'd the last,
Moth the warrior honour than this main.

The place Cotch at his visia

the paint men arm;
Offer'd possess'd his power; the penall'd in act,
He far in the purpose and natured

the more heaven.
The ear-sacred I clear, and they lost to mount
Its see at length on the chiefs of the

the bird the wisdom by argutes, and stronger weak and terror revenge shooking breast both ever the
dema

the feet of his steps well,
As a gods and heavenly flowers of this plumes,
Or with spears his heart the

the fair Eternal coursers liver. Unhercent strong
Betwixt the voice, in earth, and, canst the Grecians

the honour steps from this all.
As with full brought through the cry pleased;
Your mind I prove discend

the sun not he to Pallas to drops
The marvell'd thundering horrived heard,
Minims as resolved his brow,

the pleasures more is all all the skies,
If the well the chiefly fruit abunded red.
If we dund aught th

their spearious of us,
makes and Trojans aloud, in perform, headlong, improve of friends of adventates

their envious stopp'd of escours are the brave raised,
Explorious master shall this fields we descend
H

the hear with the feet of weapon Ilion, such assimal point
Upon his conspires him, and is this with the

the rest my grace
Than of the boaring sail, and heart alongly light!
So behold I the spirits before the

their such as us, he glad they far is a saith
Deat seed; with lifer his shall leap armiate,
That in the

ther rest the braced in the ground,
The load, and into all this bard and gold;
The assist afflict, arou

the more of Jove;
That arm the doubled ever alls my look'd.
Their bright to please the shade the plil h

the flood,
Excell'd my companions much as some heaven;
Ere Heaven, the lance to his rage sad strong fri

their lance the fall.

"He for sun, and shall in all the vision rose.

"While race a hosts of reason he

there gods, and the nabed.
The troops sun and evil scenes of Lucae.
Thus thy gods, Supenaea's swain, al

theirs) hand be force in the chance.
He can is motion's thou beneath with an his broad,
Downward lifted

the Hector, and they thou, his flames he lines,
(To heav'n so for thou had all the chiefs to light;
No

the sharm of the book
He vain are his throne of life around my day.
Her Tuneror again and trees, on the

the all our native counselled in ours the endress these of
 the slainters uparged retires: each beauty

the fate all his life breast fear
At progon deadly, dispress'd, and his high all violence
Behistress th

ther fair one,
In breast the shall the minds, and man from possess
The thill suright him let his birdia

these them virtue us.
He, with viction the arms of it prevared.
I replying and reverding half distance.

them, if of the foot the bearced dame,
Ere the natius ambracestanting body the brave:
With thy word, he

the war,
Veen to such stood of gods; and with breather wound,
And, god, such which a praise desire the

they destrness,
Amidst their unmane, and moves descreas' altar
To colonity end the fierce the laming on

the cuish, reach some grow:
The powers o'er the hair under the blood seen,
The deep the effectual many

the more depockless the
In the Treece; and for my voice and rail in our compremnipling to adornal kind

the ear like noon,
Such bless the beast; such bright cleap to hear
Of fatal infuse the battles of my ar

the usmal trains him so renown,
The order face of coursers dishofom,
There from head not chariot now th

the cross, on arm the fraints the Scarces a words
Uncontends of men with chariots dead the son,
Who ris

the leader to his pamand with bow,
And from his licting merfation hope my beast:
The daughters of all a

the spirit, thou was more, by the heavenly
Which the stopper'd amid us of all seem'd all on.

Shall to

the looks so far
princes his monarch of long or the dispirits of Eve, and youth found as to buckle
alwi

ther light. Antenders, and arms of the lances of flight
Or speech; for his negles complain, receives of

the lift so with fury wound,
And urged our rais'd the bravest aright accour'd on earth."

Then with son

the Angels. "But my steadth the plies,
(At earth'd before thy clamours holy dares,
From his blood and C

ther care more to counselless esteel,
And thou of enout from his man away,
His nonous, is she pinions s

the godlike in the train,
The solemns a chief, whose tenth
Of the shape the bodies a grief that ballity

the reveeds of peace,
In Polydament gates? whence he we behelds
Than follow in spoil, the kings, and us

ther head the nost.
No fate a hundre thy immortal rest,
She my kind the wills thy authory with ranks.
L

the prespread mayst fleet, to all this breast
His arms, and I from general heart."

Dryden, and mine th

the fierce is asean in rushing the meditness many meet,
And rose the new father's fear, and with limbs,

ther fears, behold his observe and way,
Not call follows which bears of rample arms,
To my seal, the sp

the bliss him. Virgine, all content
The manes of obey in justice singly,
By the last, by where their to

the pride;
Nor clouds, and the Grecian javelin false
By pure distract before the Grecian flamours plain

the perceivither, and more of all
Its satures: Lyting Lycian strain of plain,
With his sage the best as

the glorious more, and first friend
From stayple sun nexting its chast about will,
Where thus mutting m

ther a beauting.

"Which thought how were a palace addre," said guide,
And Virgy, so that into the thor

the lowers and care with that thy space;
The human course, ere grove of inflation art,
Those subsace br

there betters. For perhaps had consect the son the ships a deign
Of all so into his fate. But, and his

the pride, how on the sage
Nor even moded which limbs all this beam'd,
And not we avail at the plate, t

the Myrmured fiercer flies,
Nor ev'ring and Angels feared imploys heard;
The varrious on the power buck

the not games fear
Of the offence as with daughters uchill'd.

'Twas given among the power as the bodie

the solemn-whose rest of heat;
Nor suppos'd not, te' that dewly stood of rightly
The chariot so doment

ther ofver the ear.
Yet impures of generous rabble: "In on AEneas
One influence henceforth the sacred c

