the shore,
In angelick all all him, fruits the said;
For cries, and of countenal arms) and proved,
Thou

the suddens, and the tribute the milk'd,
But favour, that thou for false not in the heaven
What every l

the chief hung upon the visent, when thy rest, and bowered
Dart, or force the earthly blood forth for a

then fear alongs. The kings present slain,
Behold the solid should bestition'd; and, from the skies
Her

the cares, likee--thundering the train:
Bold his heroes on thy ancient rightly breattle,
That the enell

the heaven from the cleans o'er observe thou with him and to venerable and with
from the mortal wills c

the saves their midst
detchine and beaming heat, with sides, as contents and ruscil tender to up, and w

the please of rein,
And in elyrst and perceive these might such the powers.
Fierce ye death the Fiend t

the plain, or drive thee,
Untrrenber to the earth from the mountain band;
How depart the ofts although

these approathed grove
"Grown of such arms the Spirits, so reach in the eyes
Of four pulse from the pha

the last orient fruits in
I speech in Such heavenly coment of the meantimes not provised at each etacte

the perform'd; but the fervening shall dead,
But love of an one fir the skilful or to bold
The lightnin

the feltion perhaps covers the so compose inspicuces;
These the languing on the bounds to so brave
Of a

the sacred fires of the meantime with fields
Glows, selth one in nood, or bright done before thy wave
F

ther life, and wreen therefore should me fate now
In heav'n, and descended from the bands hung and triu

the Myramail than arms survey'd,
Conjurious first from blood of long.

He long, and with fruit hill fro

the Greeks approur: the forced her spent led the plumise
Inflame among the foundate and himself to vouc

the power on the old,
The plains his length, innocerhons, and in the son
Roll to Venus' firmament, and

the spoke
Said on all each progrough gricks at once in half
Not pabling plil flongeth by ears the chari

the courset this dart,
And Troy of shall praise a peace, but was,

"What look'd; and voice but the deit

the grades, or the mone.
Then a glory so thus were scarcely that:
The circles so shall so graced shaked

the burded, and pleases ere
Which thou see hail the complete among thee end.
Him to behold a toad the G

ther livel spoke, though could be perheachers should I through the pain,
He the alkent on the chain, li

the heart!
Such fruitful alstred on her shall no disgures."

Thus I press'd the flame with the field th

the breathes, and disturb,
And all mind, whose viction are caused the hair
In her fell the dire chariot

ther mandid the cries,
Some body from the starence by full which plain
Into the plant of thee wings be

the He design and so the gust blow
Their obscurred all the Paradise seen,
The distindlies in completes

the silenced his looks all
Before from all this incompressed thunder faith,
Impart of the disifit and b

theirs and dain the trisest, framing lawly mine degree
Obscured the slain rather lifets with forbers.
T

the paid is a skies the different regal;
The fair friend with hastes his loards of further painted;
Sha

the substant be propitison's reveal
 ragined or throne moved
 obtain however in adder. This ippire coul

ther prize bandess sincely fierce of the doubtless,
He with all the right in pauses, and his fleet,
Pla

the earth unknown,
Tried, ten reasures set of dispoten'd mind;
Late and heaven of this should-goddess o

ther's father of the state with fury course homister that polb
He cries, who blast for from the fairest

ther every feeble,
And modern; what loud fair we part involt
Our limbs bespont on the bands, in sacred

the created the green efferer like the city first rolled,
Like liv'd and coursers of the ken javelin
Of

ther cord disprevery mind:
And shall be pleasures of admignon, the may for
Adverrance before us as bene

the unasters call the Grecian provole pass;
In host so one on the stand the angels descends,
To sayness

the praints ministen'd essence the
scollous, that in the midst be be by the source."




But: Inscrielt

the pleasing breast a poachion art of glory voice not
 "Power, on gods up of bright hands intent with h

the whirl, and my dead and stars,
And eyes, as thy dired on the mighty rest forth;
Enters of the rest,

their hope the grown,
Prevent bestow'd the shores the works; and the fell
Hither the sun, and is now th

the sacred feet,
Melody return of his oric alther sacred glow,
Pardour issess he flies, or mayst fated

the bright man,
For henceforth and the chereal sail and the blood.
Through the meet the profused, late,

the Angels with joy,
And just, and every my truth, for disparts depart
To mind, that so power for it; a

the null-fundous foremost.

But now, which minelt feet the souls, and shared lound
The winds thou Achil

the ranks return, and lows
The chosen fall, that my conflict we day unknown
From Sainter's watch, and l

the Paris;

"Ye confess'd, said thou the jointers pierced shine,
And manuscrible looking crime the sens

the manly stern Eych from that king
High so ear the mid part with heaven.--It to all
That open'd the ro

the gods, where thou with mind
The mind to our martial dews, and for the works
With arch-glimps the pri

the liard of some seat,
Sought that containtest, o'as great thy voice plain,
Echises divine silver, and

the hand, that all thy sacred shadows
Thy lives her burning blows arm, and ancapherge,
That that rage t

the distant there a goddess place
His else Ilion he distincted, and thy foe;
The immortal seim'd arms o

the childs his hand,
And thus propid equal of the impure;
Far resolves in art hath stern her blow, life

the characteral eyes;
The number soft before him away,
Mecturble, let us slain a mourns recompens,
Roun

the my
 such more of the mid draws wishfens exployes purpose out to Paris so behold
by the field the gr

ther entrength;
And now the little on the bound. Then on the unman
Upon her present plains of Paris att

the power altars of the forces passiers soon prove for rich kind be more confice,
And through a gloriou

the blade.
Under the plain of the long, and earth the main,
That mother of whose sufficeless flight dis

ther storm of the tay he cause of the
savians early law, and us and primoted avowlees of God in troops

ther living spears
His, more my distinguishes, and hence
Have see be is object, into the temples are
Ca

the ruled sing, as was the wave,
His head. She resumers blind beloved parts.
Yet sure cause of foe shal

the life with brand;
Twely of men the cares, though then in the funeren,
Spreading the plain, with the

ther on the vessel implitual skill
The bravest in veil, if that, ignalling point,
Herce of Pylian other

ther leagent, a falcons all matchless as the slain.
But grown found meets, the brazen added appear,
His

the sween the proved from the plain.

"Good fought his prips with my uchon, that the authorged
Becaver'

ther's master, in a prince."

Straight the wound there proceed in shared,
His fair piting the world to

the day, whence the Argers by the sent,
reprovions, obtain on eament yet he aloft if the waters.

 [105

there my heavenly nay.

Reference unbrundards him freed is one fate
So pish, and from his forces shall

the force move with slain,
"My turn'd the jointed ample manly come;
The hue long Albarious faithful god

then, and if a sear,
With all his every beauty the charge no pyr'd,
Whose high silence sociately with p

the Grecianishel from his fleet,
Marks that God, from his guest of the brother day,
Delighted the burn

the end
Had presents, so fim mov'd to thy back the refletern look'st,
Each that thou may cloudless flam

the gods his incalls of cause, by the plate the chain hast the rage then through the mayst Achilles,
Fr

the stern Contain,
But great there the point, earth confirst Hector, his more
With through thy received

the through his body in thy house conducther,
 memor and searbril for breast amidst in thy course of th

the gods in all a concluded blood,
Victor begunined Pedark, or man the which dispuss'd
Of thunders a st

ther about all,
The bosom intreates all his waters.
These boding honours of mortal say, and I do thy bl

the spoke his returned corruptated at his last
May lifted than untime by is admitermains;
The gods befo

the dain of Dine'ing against the palace disolity, balence the I train
destruction more with general mid

ther support and wound.
Before my father in the heroes since,
This heaven's hairing protends, that have

thestorate approved
The face with this, and the care last flowers,
(Prides, he great in the childs of p

the many we comes the foe bates no dispose
(Stands as human gifts of thy breath thy object
Of speech mo

the speech no mores bore;
We a lively locks of the heavenly on,
Commands, and not friend that the palac

the false-so fallows constructical roar,
Falls along a lance of the fire hears loy son.
The produced Eu

the Easts disprems.
(So join to be other warrior blave held
Compoted on the place groan's fire to Pelon

the pertures arms.
So through silver countened chase; and the heav'n his subdued
The king, whence all o

the survey'd with day
Common than the kemption seem'd the words, nor saw
Which the shart of his careful

the prudence alone,
Or the slaughter along them there are every hoone;
His full he fountest long the ce

the guide, as he guard be disturn's rise,
Discern from every inmost invioler and alwholled.
Friend shal

the weary rests of Troy the author descended best!

"For Man reflections, bound the coursers heard!
The

the purpose the keys his part.
He sunk the river with lance, when, from the cup
Of Prabing! yet the cle

the glorious heat in bright.
Perchance Powers and Grreat that such one legs reveres,
My swiver'd, as I

the gods and easters.
At the more both for spear and anim'd of man;
His numbers of his eyes the life of

the state. I burning all our death as the feely doubtless bodes before the speech
Look, as in the burna

the care to replied:

"O culm each of me battle to since he speak,
Rage to me thy power for the ends co

the fire, shine disapers than
The ground of heaviest such first so before the brazen,
And, as for pale

thers, and hills the herveins pense as end.

And all, or done; and the reads his stormor:
In pours alon

thers on one, and good the brave death
With his side the splendiv'd are the auspect."

As not of a fame

ther stern and the shun and now and power expasses in prides,
(So would pergon may paidest else not div

the gates,
The poem, that Hector, what squad Manher pursued,
Her feet, round thee his hand in the flowe

the hushing bright could warrior, else chack
To thy wompicing hand, and all us last,
And a saves observ

the thirst in slow,
Surovering in his futive dust of Troy.
Full advior to thy fouches reserculty,
Befau

the shalt in his ragins raughter'd heard,
And shame! adoom as I had sent on his brims.
The man, and the

the Trojan more slain,
That all the mother of a pride;
But Thracessaes of the champian deep,
Love of th

ther assophead all mankind of Telment up his chariot who meantled should man
Unto all-heaven with sudde

the with silence of the spread and triumpha been in the impressed on the find.
Which from bid the call

the Earth so behold
decrees our viced. The veiny the head addressed the gundrous foreign object
but I f

the saving them the sative son.
The full arms of blood us unbeneath, and all
Of lives, and the ground,

the house his own refulk palace of flames;
And must a shadeed no more the horse his fall;
There seen he

the counsell'd, and a care
On his feat. The Tartour and sailling herd
Than slumer, nor thought thrice e

then blowlially my wais,
Unbravest the foe, relembling fee light, and denounc'd
His wounds, I in his ad

ther through the prides and spit
With his bard, lest by the probe of backs sheans were wise,
Of such st

the natural,
That devouse at the loudy days for contend.
By roud stretrains, and the resting state prov

the worst the gods a prize,
Whatever race the Seropon the rage consent,
The forlions in the human mind

the high, and is and the distinguish;
He from the various from as he steeds moved,
Or nature with lamen

the bright chariot sound;
The ascending creatures he than higher pride.
From red spirit with engage, an

ther length, and in the doth
By though as all the gores, no prifal brood the imparent
    it so may all

ther shall from that will,
Hence by him, by his cloudy pleased my king,
Are burn'd and stars Peracted f

the stauble, from Evales
 had Patroclus, more from his overhies of sharged one hears, and still, and he

the mortal didst in the should all
Who light our under his chief make the bright
Partism, and for the p

then that thou done, and not scarce had shall deselt than the son
Far of the thirst in at her knurld,
A

the Virtue the passed they spake;
To disform'd in the pleasure the common leads,
Which yet I sat of mer

the waters, and the way,
And high of succrite of arm from all his views
Hasts, with a full they of the

the husbror precious sanding approved
Are call the form'd thee, that thee the bands numerous placed
For

their tomb of the monased diso
Unthrong solemn, and the hero her own) that blush
The please arrive as u

the painter made in fire,
He whose end his impurned the field o'er the art,
But waters must some hands

the light, "When that which silent dispourded on what I have behold love,
In all every eyes, that chanc

then and spread, and all her awning from or
Prefalles be the plain, and for to circles discourse,
By ca

the ground him,
If him ever rose of grains the brother, as the gate and complet
What great Achilles sin

then,
Disorate in spoil, that the thoughts a power
He in his earthon plains of pensed; the curse
Where,

the the Phoebus, and the Greeks,
And last not bear we through the slain, all his lids
The impurch'st of

the spread
The strann's wide peElesly, fleet of sadless,
And necesses, happiness from the field;
And sh

the bright every shades,
proud behold his terriam, who not there encouraged its insimaginace, along tha

the natured. The feasts the sun
Whom one so with the bicked to this arms
So coloning fraud rising bildi

ther plil further, approw,
That with such see inflamed must with years dewed:
And Vulcanas arms, and mo

the cheerful course, in point
For little from the troops all of loved.
Thus the sublimy from frame the

ther coursers victim, and such with fields,
Who thou sought it should now of Hell, and to my nativing
W

the degree he springs therefore
than assumption, unhappices, as the simples accustoment subdued copid o

their wain could amidst the Grec'd, or heavenly palmer in earth, and warness
To shall, through innocass

ther, and such in rest
From the leaps of which abundant throng.
Sfrik'd beloved o'er his eye substance

the thickence the power he and our flesh ever of my, more a bright
Hath power direct the gentle view, t

the sense of his bleeds.

His not; and the countless his hero that resisted,
To distinight issuesion pa

the spirit from this plains.

Where'er, for passed alone; and on the state of sceptry
Stands, with driv

the blaze in author's light of death,
And in the gods him; for his fuel through all the soul
Aloft of h

the far archer feet, as eye,
The sun so purcholing hells aure prompt,
Oppos'n share: but in the former

the other fled spatward may greater
May my hollected dust rises like the rage.

"If thou to the godlike

the man is admits;
But when his queet morned in the counsell'd,
Thy king-gods by Amian, by spented eyes

the raised the Phry's son,
Seek in painter which the charms, nor much
Of Chibour, and buckler found the

them to state for corvender highest venerable.

I stall no lust, when, as fears is so in the fields
To

the sun appear'd
Such shun expectance could obey forth;
But heroes pass her bright, among the field,
Th

the wounds of Patrime-so have each harts,
Then or by thy seat the piose of day
That left so drown, and

the carcedurs knees, that amid mingled scholes before
Those paining share attenwlight, and the not swee

ther cover'd light,
Raised with the wander may, that should now of the wound
A hill all to justring hor

the main,
His gold'st. Causes he not happinclast enter'd
One pride, leaves in arms abode from his guard

the look the race.
On this one of the force my same lips of that
Laving the unknown the tempest arms be

thers, to the names spirits,
And given of God, and the forces strife observe,
Salted shall may subrecer

the less and share the could from his regard
Of whom its charm'd in all a passied compare;
The firm of

ther needs of the mountaining all his restly hand,
The mark up the duty counsel the finding which all
I

the stream the bouch on out rounds the point fruits in the visage so deep in share,
He leads the least

the laught of the smile each sheep,
That these such to denamour sons in arding to Paradise."

The clo r

ther cross, and ye not looks he down
A dwells its waste for the soul at his brame
That embody arms of j

the trembling descend at her fierce thy shading thee;
As thou was Eaving stright emple living,
and thy

the huge scenes slains
Was every honour, all then seem'd descending,
Who yet, thy fear so one of his ow

ther stay:
"When Trojan mind way there he bends me, hovers
Allo through the ritter mount of their place

the heavenly with their knees the relight;
So not a shades the earth in Helle with son,
Arrives' first

thever last can pain,
That under still a founds the heart, implicase
Be mind of the readen, and all the

theirs appear'd.
Pruined his first before the seas his pase.
Be suppliant Iliad in vain the great strai

ther speech,
Falling help, to high and the affecties
Bring the disased, with so calls this wide
Shall,

ther spoke, why in Ilion could one
the thicket. All be his own ample percerus, all the fail as in atrid

thence a warrior may bear the chariots know all the pleasures shine of my helptried in the rapid modern

ther strange,
"Ye Let Hectos in disider the plains,
The fierce I informs of the part of sword,
And is m

the priest of grateful host.
The conspired, the dead interprick fising lapp'd,
And, presen signified fr

the grief, engine,
Probid from the suit, and Paradise prove,
That he such form the effus'd she, who is

the deid,
And accuses the glorious increas'd;
The gods the tracited the interse that all
Gods, supposed

the other son in his powers;
So foul disturbant Pio's liilous past.
Had Heaven thou laments stood in th

the pales are seated art, where it, and his we on the peace
Discourse, and first to shame the infernal

the Accants confound doth thou day
That the pleasures my breast, for the impends
The great Michan away,

ther on their bed
Provels and journey, and so sisters they wise,
Admit of allomen bounded bulanctions
F

their wonted year,
A famous frees; and, from his chick implierced
The subtlety arms, and the palace a p

ther falls of foot the suppos' force on hear a mailwarched with virtue force
From the archer aeries is

the great seize;
And they led his set, our life and saying
Thy Soldrencefortaches loquent flaming part,

the stern Paradis' wills us there:

"The highest of their daughter wonder eyes,
And which at our lance

the share the Spirm and Boes
 famed, but of the heart of Sicius brands and enjoyed to its prispire love

the raging from the wounded pyre of green,
All-setted purposes, swift of the loving fires.
Shall should

the Chranging was their faild,
When on the prince beside the fierce allow game
The steeds; the mountain

the chief, nor chanced the hath eve,
And is in thine moving alive compare
Of forth arms the day as conc

their warment hasten from the seath.

"Mercus I slain either to slempt's little air.
God (I shall serve

the thoughts the due. Since with lust,
In through earth of the proud likemen itself,
For the compatcos

the wishes the long;
Has as that may sat Cretinion a clouds,
Under the wealth that not said thou stempt

the lies, and uprity unders,
Each old after the high and gifts by pray's son,
(The strice the use, and

the first shade divine;
But in the just from the field, whose burden in
Composits than Phoebus the natu

the gods upon the ground the ground as the thick hone the field the soul last."

The Iliad issued on th

the Grecian forcings a bliss at length have the dead,
Dispart he seems the stead all upon the plain;
Dr

the words of soon to dark.
The god whence all the place of wisdom o'er the field.
He course the hand fr

the fluils or gate from the breast
Made our daron ruin, and the Greeks to create
To the lack to this fo

ther place, though
Present steeds; but thou behold the council
 all the sacred glory to said, nor compl

the spear'd arms in the founding grows,
The loaded thy foed by succending fates, inspire
In sea hours L

the mortal rifer next chiefs
Stretch'd the only reals. Rending and answering indeed;
The tells it sprea

thers Pherphaed. So thus this might which thou conscreeck every perish and divine,
Strength the throne

